I'm ready to be detective you are a bike
cop officer Trey Stokes has never solved
a case it's okay people I got everything
under control
but he's about to get student at the
Westbury whoo body was found just off
campus talking undercover the chance of
a lifetime
look no further sir officer trace those
two third and not qualifier he does fit
the profile
I mean lawyer at the Westbury school
school in the last place he ever
expected you can't park here
that spot reserved anybody got a problem
with you tell them take it over to new
black guy the school uniform is worn at
all times
welcome to West Murray I feel like I
just stepped into a Britney Spears video
you're very cute look what didn't you
tell me you wear student yeah tell me
you as a teacher
I'll make this big from Miramax stones
they're killing us out there without one
away
comes a comedy tell you my old neighbor
getting crab and something totally
different about upholding the law 18
right
what is together over 34 word and
disturbing the peace right
prep school meets old school think I
just swallowed Nemo
Nick Cannon lucky man back LAPD to Y
Bible like it so much as a scratch on
his car my dad will kill me
[Music]
underclassman daddy
you
[Music]